Master painting
and Maintenance and Design Pty Ltd.
DOMESTIC- COMERCIAL- INTERIOR- EXTERIOR- PRIVATE
ABN: 46 673 280 030
9 cycas pl                                                                                     ACN: 673 280s 030
Stanhope Gardens                                                          EMAIL: australianpmnsw@gmail.com     NSW 2768
MOBILE: 0410 609 616
Date 27/08/2026:
To : Andrew Fenton
Hi Andrew
Re: painting external & internal 1A Ray Ave Vaucluse NSW 2030
Thank you for the opportunity of providing you with our quotation for the above premises.
In preparing this proposal we have endeavoured to incorporate the various aspects of your requirements into the quotation and would be happy to clarify or adjust any item to better suit your needs.
InclusionsScope of Works & Implementation:
ExclusionsAs per Scope of works provided
The following pricing excludes painting to the following surfaces within and beyond all nominated areas;
Pre-finished surfaces
All surfaces not mentioned in the above scope of work
All access to be provided by builder
Occupational Health & Safety
This quotation allows for the implementation of our procedures in relation to Occupational Heath & Safety, all in accordance with Work Cover’s requirements.
We would be pleased to explain more fully the allowances made in this offer in relation to OH&S and encourage you to properly understand your obligations in relation to OH&S whilst we are employed in your premises.
4. Acceptance of the Works at Completion
We seek to deliver first rate painting works.
During the painting works we undertake quality inspections. Any work found to be incomplete or defective shall be corrected.  A follow-up inspection will ensure all works are completed to the specified standard.
Again, we encourage you to be involved in the progress of the works and on its completion we shall seek your acceptance and request your signature to our Completion Certificate. This initiates the warranty period on the works.
Specification:
The following surface preparation and painting specification shall be employed, as applicable, within your painting program.
Internal
Preparation.
Sanding down dust off filling any gap patching make surface ready .
Painting garage,handrails ,on the first floor ..
Apply two coats dulux flat to all ceiling .
Apply two coat dulux low sheen wash & ware to all walls .
Apply one coat oil base undercoat to all woodwork and dulux semi or full gloss as finish coat .
External
Painting the lift hand side .walls of the building ,
Painting the Rear external of walls ,paint Screen block walls ,eaves,soffits ,steel handrails ,
And steel fence ,gate.
Pricing Summary:
Painting including materials                                                               $78,500.00
Total Price                                                                                               $78,500.00 (Excluding GST)
GST of 10% will be added to the above price and shown separately at the point of invoicing for work completed.
We again thank you for this opportunity and shall make contact with you shortly in order to seek your next instructions.
Yours faithfully,
Master painting Pty Ltd
Armin
DIRECTOR
Mobile: 04010609616
E-mail: australianpmnsw@gmail.com
Terms and Conditions:
Acceptance:
This quotation will remain valid for acceptance for a period of 30 days from the date of submission.  Should you accept our offer the figures will remain current for the duration of the project.
Warranty:
All of our work will be in accordance with Australian Standards AS2311 and applied in accordance with Dulux recommendations.
Payment:
An invoice equivalent to the amount of 30% of the quotation value shall be raised upon your notice to proceed with the works. Upon payment of this invoice your chosen colours and coatings shall be mixed, and Delivered to site .Master painting (NSW) Pty Ltd shall then immediately commence the painting works. Progress invoices will be raised on a 7 day basis, and are due for payment net 7 days
Changes in Government Charges:
During the term of the agreement / project should applicable laws or regulations be introduced or varied, resulting in previously not included charges being imposed, we reserve the right to adjust our pricing of the works.